Update router terminology (#3028)
apollographql/federation: docs/source/building-supergraphs/router.mdx

Apollo actively supports the following options for your router:

- **The GraphOS Router (recommended)**: This is a high-performance, precompiled Rust binary based on the Apollo Router Core.

    - If you're getting started with federation, we recommend [creating a cloud supergraph](/graphos/quickstart/cloud/) with Apollo GraphOS. With a cloud supergraph, GraphOS provisions and manages your router for you.

>     - You can also host your own Apollo Router Core instances. [See the Federation Quickstart](../quickstart/setup/) to get started.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - You can also host your own GraphOS Router instances. [See the Federation Quickstart](../quickstart/setup/) to get started.
```
